When thinking about the issue that parents should spend more time playing games or doing sports with their children, different people will have different ideas. While some people may believe sports and games are lots of fun and are great for the mental and physical development of children, I think that for parents kids'study will always take precedence. Parents should try to spend more time helping their children with their schoolwork, because schoolwork has more bearing on a child's furure.

Sports and games are a great way to release stress, but they often have little effect on a child's future. Unless a child shows remarkables natural ability and passion for a particular sport, spots and others games should be treated as a hobby only. Very few kids grow up to become professional athetes, so smart parents will emphasize academic excellence, and encourage their youngsters to study harder and prepare for their future career. Parents should encourage kids to paly games and get daily exercise to stay in good health, but, at the same time, should also make sure that they finish their homework on time every day and offer assistance as necessary. Although playing sports has many benefits for children that should not be overlooked, it will not ensure a young person's future academic and career success, so parents must emphasize work over paly.

Furthermore, if parents constantly play games with their children but take no interest in their studies, then parents are settin a bad example for their kids. If a child sees his or her parents take great interest in playing games but none in going over homework, then that kid may end up feeling that homework and school are not important. Too many parents obsessed with sports and games have seen their children underperform-first in school, and later in a career. My nephew's school performance doesn't reach his full potential, and in my opinion, this can be largely attributed to the fact that his father makes sure to play football with his son regularly, but never sits down and helps with his homework. Good parents will always emphasize the insurmountable importance of schoolwork and remind their kids that sports and games are only a way to release stress from studies.

Sports and games are great ways for parents to bone with their children, but they should always come second to the kid's schoolwork. After all, it is theschoolwork that will have a greater influence on the children's future success.