“No man is an island,”so goes a well -known old saying. Indeed, from the very moment we were given birth by our beloved mother, we are never meant to lead a lonely existence on this planet, During different stages of our life, stangers with diverse backgrounds and distinctive personalities will show up and become our classmates, colleagues, friends, or even spouses. fragile pieces of memory, sliding into oblivion, yet others will stay and develop in people we care about. Precious as the latter ones are, it is not advisable to spend as much time with them as possible.

Intentionally staying away from our beloved ones preserves our impression of their merits while blurs out impression of their defects. At the very start of a friendship, for instance, we may think this friend shares the same ideals or insterests with us or just consider him or her perfect. However, as distance tests a horse's strength, so time reveals a person's heart. When we try to hang out with each other as often as possible, this friend's habits, such as our dislike or aversion. But when we stop shopping together for a couple of times, we would still be impressed by this friend's love for shopping but not his or her obsession wiht bargaining.

Why does keeping a distance from close relatives or friends help us appreciate their merits more and even engender a feeling of freshness towards them? The answer lies in that we humans have a deeply curious nature, so curious that we often do  utterly unproductive things like reading news about people we will never meet, learning topics we will never have use for, or exploring places we will never come back to. As a consequence of this bore us one day, especially due to their defects. How many times have you heard a teanage girl complains bitterly about her nagging mother? Why? It turns out that she just finds it annoying: having an egg for each breakfast and being reminded by her mother that eating month, such as linving in the school dormitory, may find that an egg a day is not that bad and time results in her failure to notice the wrinkles covering on her mother's face. Being away from her mother instead enables this young girl to understand how naive she was and how important her mother was, is and will be. You see, the curious nature of humanity can lead him or her to wonder, ponder and then learn. And in this casw, spending more time with the people we are care about would dampen this embedded curiosity.

As is stated above, I honestly believe keeping a distance from people we care about help us understand them more and deepen the relationship.